we have a zacat And it is that Raquel bollo
has made the comment Because
she does not work in the production company
that you work for María Patiño you have to
sell your opinion to her I like
things to be said up front I want to use
SEO I want something going on I wanted to comment I
wanted to start the night commenting on this
this little thing no this little thing that the truth is
I do not understand I do not understand
or I am the most sincere in the world I always do not care if she
insults me and if she
criticizes me and that I know how to subscribe I always
try to be the most sincere in the world with you
and I have told you
in the first season of the doku
in the first season of the doku I mean
the first season in the first
documentary
I am against Rocío Carrasco
against what she says I do not believe her there
are contradictions It seems to me that she is lying
okay or I mean I have
made a guineover that shows
shows many things that she lies no
So that is what I think of the
first season of the documentary Now I am in
this second season of the documentary
Well there are things that I am
really liking about it there are parts  that I believe
what this
second documentary is saying it doesn't have in
some things yes but in most
things it has nothing to do with the first one in
the fight that she has with Amador with
Rosa Benito
with José Antonio and with Gloria, there are
things that I do believe her about and yes, I
'm kind of not so much let's see how I
tell you Yes well I'm kind of on her
side in some things Yes it
would be to go into each episode you
know that tomorrow we have an episode no
tomorrow comes no tomorrow we have an episode
tomorrow we'll comment a little okay it can be
heard quietly but let's ask for one
thing Well in fact I'm not going to ask for it Iván is
going to ask for it
Ivan we have to invest in the company
Ivan wait Well I don't know how much it's worth I'm
going to look how much it's worth I
told Ricky to tell me what we
have to buy so that this can't be
heard damn work
but he hasn't told me what he
says is that the best one costs 170 euros the
Cloud fittel and they go But no no we don't
have the budget for that no the
Cloud
the Cloud lifter we have to put in I mean  There's
a device missing in the microphone which is
a blue contraption
okay all the youtubers have it
except me no no it's worth 170 bucks I
think if you turn the volume up
or hit the wrong one La Oreja For now we
can manage no that the VAT is not
here Today they are not where are they what I was
telling you family I There are things that I do
believe her about what she's
telling you In this second season
I think she's very obsessed with
Antonio David and she's getting him into a lot of
stuff that has nothing to
do with it is Antonio David her objective is
Antonio vino There are things I don't
agree with for example when in
the first episode she threw him there
doing normal person things like
taking a shower while I'm
live acne
while I'm live What
normal person showers when I when
Javier is live I mean I started the
live at 12 at night today I think he's
had many hours to shower
Ah look look aren't you do you want a chalet
in Andorra too well no because I don't
like living in the middle of the countryside
even if I wear this hat but Look at me
what  this [ __ ] about the sound, okay if I
had that there is no budget for 170
then find me a pirate,
okay, we have to invest in the company Ivan
this is investing the company
the thing is that what I want to say with this
speech that I'm saying is neither more nor
less than I am objective that I
have nothing personal against the
race with and I'm a hater
okay I'm more inclined to one side than the other I'm
more inclined to one side than the other but the thing is that
opinions are like that no if no it
wouldn't be funny or joke the thing no and
today I'm going to base myself on a tweet that
malver posted but I really
have nothing against Marvel on the
contrary
I really like her as a youtuber the problem
is that she is very ally and very carrasquista
very ally and very carrasquista okay And
every time she says something ally it makes me mad
but she is a youtuber that really when it comes to
television,
he doesn't make news, all he does is
comment on reality or he makes a video
criticizing someone here with Matamoros
suddenly, I mean, he makes a video for you Well I
made a video for Miguel  freygente and
very good that I leave it on the floor no
but it is very expensive no and it turns out that
Rocío Flores has gotten a tattoo that
says she is going for the blue tide okay
I think
that what is going for the blue tide is the
heart Okay and the impossible the impossible
that I don't know where it comes from impossible in
English no impossible
and it takes away the impossible it
will be some phrase of hers with her friends
with her boyfriend or with someone because I have
not heard that thing about the blue mother the
impossible no I mean if in the blue tide
we are the blue tide we are more
Spanish than
Abascal no impossible
impossible no Total that the blue heart
seems to me the most normal thing in the world that he
tattoos the logo well the logo
not a nod
to the people who support him
publicly no I mean the people who do not
let go of his arm I have here I have
here the logo
of telesalseo Look I have here the
logo of tres salseo wait I will
show it to you for whoever does not see it
because maybe you have the eyesight like I do not
I have here the logo of
telesaleo
Of course my lady How could I not
I have my lordship
okay
and I have a good arm too listen to me
apart from the good arm tattoos the
logo of my wife and then over here
this is a nod to well what I
do my camera this was my camera
that is no longer the one I have now but it was
the previous camera it is this one
if you see it this
okay if you see it done and the microphone that I
had before no I mean they are clear they
mean things in life so it is
very logical that she gets something tattooed with the
blue tide man that the blue tide
supports it That means that
That means that Rocío Flores
supports the people of the blue tide who
insult her mother no obviously no
I have this tattooed
the logo done does it mean that I
support with my tattoo all the people who are
subscribed to my channel Because on my
channel many times there are people who
are subscribed that I have banned from the
chat Because they have been disrespectful because they have
insulted another person or whatever no no no
This is for the good ones for my
tesa for my Emilio for my Pepa
for the good ones today there is no house
unhooked that in the accident one
cocaine issues from there the move I decided he with
Pedro Carrasco speaks of a testimony it
seems to me Emilio if you can pass me the
stratum
to priest he has given 10 members
what do I do with you to priest what do I do
with you my soul tell me
what I do
10 members No more no less priest gives us
the croquette on the floor I don't do the
croquette on the floor in case
the stitches get infected which tomorrow by the
way I think they will remove them did you
understand me right I mean I see the point
of the tattoo Thank you very much to priest
Thank you very much priest and Emilio king
thank you very much also for the super chat
if you can send me the minutes we will
react to what she has said
what Maica has said but damn she
can get into a mess I
don't know what she bases herself on to say it if you
send me the minute Exactly we react to the
extract let's see what she has
happened to because fabric I mean you can't say
something like that let's go I imagine that
she is a lawyer I don't imagine that she has
her reason to do it to say it but
well the case man they
see the evil in everything
the girl does they see the evil in everything I
mean a tattoo in tribute to the people
who support her
a tattoo in tribute Congratulations to
all of you who get the subscriptions is
worth
a tattoo in support of the people who
support you a tattoo in tribute is a
show of returning the love no Hey
look what I take you here
okay I mean here in my tattoo I have
people that we have kicked out of the community
for Sinvergüenza no this tattoo of mine
are for people like Emilio tesa Pilar
mivi it's that now if not if she doesn't mention
everyone you're going to get angry no Lady
Marshall those who are always okay
covadonga
I remember the name very well because they are
always always there no So there is
no evil
this is not about the people who insult the
mother
okay So they are attacking her for this
says Marvel
Rocío Flores on television mom call us
pick up the phone I don't understand why you
don't want to talk we don't want to
hurt you alzo Rocío Flores getting a tattoo of the
name of a tide that has said
authentic  barbarities about her mother You have to
be evil to do this evil and
twisted
and says teacher Joao my goodness I
understand that Rocio Carrasco's doctors
tell her not to even come near but
now however I mean she they see it
badly it is terribly bad that Rocio
Flores makes a tribute to the people a
tattoo in tribute and affection to the people
who will not let go of her arm but nevertheless
zero problems everything super good and Super
Cool with that Rocio who is the mother
that in the end a mother
let's see answer me in the chat with
all the sincerity in the world
answer me in the chat with all the
sincerity in the world
what do you love more a son or a
mother
without taking away importance of course to the
other
What is stronger the love of a mother
for her son or the love of a son for his mother sincerely
sincerely
everything Ok
as long as the mother
goes out to dinners and hugs and
kisses
No honey
the same thing happens the mother to laugh with
whom they stone her it's not that it seems worse to me it's that let's
see it seems worse to me it's that
Kiko Hernandez
and teacher  Joao and Jorge Javier and Belén ro
and all these rabble
start saying about their daughter
that you can not forgive your daughter eh
you can not forgive your daughter not
talk to her but from there to
allow the rest of you to skin her in I
see it a very different path
in today's live around minute 55 it
starts Okay thanks Emilio Well
right now we put it as soon as we finish
this one where
the mother is hugging kissing
laughing at parties making the little
train taking pictures
with people man that Kiko
Hernández Kiko Hernández So I
remember he started laughing at
Rocío Flores's physique
Jorge Javier said bad to Rocío
Flores bad well he
would have said a few
insults to Rocío Flores but this one
even called him lousy The lousy touched he
said it based on what the mother
the mother herself starts to tell the
documentary
man I
don't know how to
call me call me weird eh maybe it
's that I'm not very objective that I
support Rocío  Carrasco in some things is
worth it Yes in some of the things she is
telling in this second episode I
can support her okay that
I support the people
who insult her you
have not seen me on this channel on
many occasions to
scold her and be critical and harsh
with the people who insult and go too far with
Rocío Carrasco Now what do
you think is wrong that the
girl gets a tattoo in tribute to her
followers who support her that that
love is very important in many
low moments
and that this seems okay to you that the mother
is Ok with the teacher Joao and with Kiko
Hernández it seems cool to you man Well I don't
know
In fact it seems much worse to me
because
within the blue tide there may be
people
who defame Rocío Carrasco
and who insult her and that it is and that they are
in Tusa insulting okay that they are
disgusting insulting but they are
Random people they are anonymous people Rocío Flores
has no idea physically who they are they are
people from the public they are
anonymous people but the fact is that Rocío Carrasco
personally knows the people she
is rubbing shoulders with she is taking
pictures and  She's going to a party.
So, you don't see it, it's not that I
see Rocío Carrasco's worse, it's that
on top of that I see that it's not even
comparable, okay
[Music]